(upbeat rock music)
(upbeat rock music continues)
♪ Show me, show me, show
me how you do that trick ♪
♪ The one that makes me scream, she said ♪
♪ The one that makes me laugh, she said ♪
♪ And threw her arms around my neck ♪
♪ Show me how you do it ♪
♪ And I promise you, I promise that ♪
♪ I'll run away with you ♪
♪ Spinning on that dizzy edge ♪
♪ Kissed her face and kissed her head ♪
♪ Dreamed of all the different ways ♪
♪ I had to make her glow ♪
♪ Why are you so far away, she said ♪
♪ Why won't you ever know
that I'm in love with you ♪
♪ That I'm in love with you ♪
♪ You ♪
♪ Soft and only ♪
♪ Lost and lonely ♪
♪ You ♪
♪ Strange as angels ♪
♪ Dancing in the deepest oceans ♪
♪ Twisting in the water ♪
♪ You're just like a dream ♪
(upbeat rock music)
♪ Daylight licked me into shape ♪
♪ I must've been asleep for days ♪
♪ And moving lips to breathe her name ♪
♪ I opened up my eyes ♪
♪ And found myself alone, alone ♪
♪ Alone above a raging sea ♪
♪ That stole the only girl I loved ♪
♪ And drowned her deep inside of me ♪
♪ You ♪
♪ Soft and lonely ♪
♪ Lost and lonely ♪
♪ You ♪
♪ Just like heaven ♪